---
layout: post
title:      "Why I Chose Web Development"
date:       2017-11-11 21:36:04 -0500
permalink:  why_i_chose_web_development
---


I graduated with a degree in Art from the University of California, Irvine. While I dabbled in sculpture and performance art, photography was my main medium. I continue to practice photography as a hobby today, by creating candid-documentary style photos of friends and persist in going to museums. While art has been an interest of my life, technology has always been an integral part of my life for I firmly believe that technology can be used to enrich people’s lives. All my jobs from the past 5 years have been related to technology in some way. I worked in retail jobs related to technology since that was a way for me to be involved with technology, including working for Apple as a Family Room Specialist, troubleshooting customers’ iOS devices. Most recently, I worked for a small software company called SeatAdvisor providing email and phone support to our clients. I intermittently worked with the Product and Engineering Team giving them feedback and testing the software to pinpoint bugs; I became familiar with the agile development process and understand the work that goes into creating and improving software. My time at SeatAdvisor helped to cement my decision to become a web developer by giving me insight into what it’s like to be a part of a web development team. I’ve always had an interest in working towards becoming a developer but it’s only recently (after getting married) that doing a full-time coding bootcamp has been a viable option for me. 

I’m extremely detail oriented and try to reverse engineer things to figure out how things are made. Even when I’m at a museum I try to figure out how the works of art were made, what steps were necessary to create the art or how time consuming it would have been for the artist to create their art. I also like to analyze how things can be improved upon. An aspect of my past job was to create knowledge base articles; I improved them by formatting them differently or implementing new tools to better educate the client about the software. I want to apply my habits of reverse engineering things, thinking of ways to improve upon and iterate, and creating things towards building web applications.

Technology is only becoming more prevalent in our daily lives; I hope to affect change by creating web applications that are not only pleasant to use but improves people's lives somehow. Everyday we encounter both good and bad examples of applications. I hope to be part of a team that creates software that is not only useful but a joy to use. Because technology is becoming so prominent in everyone’s lives, by creating applications, I would have the opportunity to affect the lives of numerous people, hopefully for the better. I like learning to code because it gives me insight into how applications are created, satisfying my craving to understand how things work. Furthermore, it will give me the ability to create software and hopefully have a meaningful impact on people’s lives.
